Presented and produced by
showeast
in association with egg films
What?
I said... I just wanted to speak.
What the hell?
What's with the way you fucking talk?
Who the fuck are you?
My...
Name is...
Oh...
_dae-su.
- Stop hitting on his girlfriend.
- Hold on.
Mr oh dae-su!
Did I hit on her? Did I?
Okay! Okay!
Oh dae-su, sit down.
You've had too much to drink.
I need to piss first.
Who the hell did I hit on?
You son of a bitch!
Arsehole!
Sit down!
I'm very sorry.
Fuck, I gotta piss bad.
- Cute, huh?
- It is, so sit down.
Today's my daughter's birthday.
I got her a present for her birthday.
Snatches of clouds
float in the sky
a pleasure boat
floats in the river
my name, oh dae-su, means...
"Getting along with people."
That's why I'm oh dae-su.
But, shit...
Why can't I get along today?
Set me free!
- Shut the hell up!
- Set me free!
Let go of me, damn it!
Get away from me!
Grab him!
I'l make sure he doesn't get drunk
and cause trouble again.
Have a nice day, officer.
But he's usually a nice guy.
Let's go.
I'll come and visit you soon.
We don't want you to come back.
- That's up to me, you arseholes.
- Hey!
My sweet pea, it's daddy.
It's daddy.
Daddy got my little sweet pea
a present.
I'll be home soon with your gift,
so wait a bit longer.
Let me talk to her.
- Good girl, good.
- Give me the phone.
Yeun-hee, joo-hwan wants to talk to you.
You know joo-hwan, right? Hold on.
Hi, yeun-hee. It's me, joo-hwan.
So today's your birthday?
Happy birthday.
I'll treat you to something nice
tomorrow.
Hello? Oh, hello, ja-hyun.
I'm sorry.
I know it's very late.
Dae-su is on his way now.
I'm sorry. Yes?
Hold on. Dae-su, it's your wife.
Dae-su!
Your wife wants you to hurry home!
Dae-su, let's go! Stop playing games!
Sir, sir.
Wait, come here.
Come and talk to me.
I won't tell you to let me go.
Just tell me why I'm here, okay?
I should know the reason at least.
Shit, I've been locked up here
for two months already.
Sir, wait, come here.
Sir, wait. What is this place?
Sir, just tell me how long
I have to stay in here.
Sir!
Fuck you!
Come here, you arsehole.
Son of a bitch!
I saw your face, arsehole.
You're dead if I get out.
I'm sorry. I won't swear.
Just tell me.
One month, two, or three?
Hey, where are you going?
Just tell me how long, you son of a bitch!
I said tell me how long, you arsehole!
You son of a bitch!
You fucking arseholes!
If they had told me
it was going to be 15 years,
would it have been easier to endure?
Or would it have not?
Laugh, and the world
laughs with you.
Weep, and you weep alone.
When the melody turns on,
gas comes out.
When the gas comes,
I fall asleep.
I found out later
that it's the same valium gas
that the Russian soldiers used
on the chechen terrorists.
When I wake up,
my hair has been cut.
I don't like the style really.
But they change my clothes,
and clean the place up.
Gracious bastards.
One!
Two!
Three!
It's too spicy.
I don't want spinach. You eat it.
I won't eat spinach.
I don't want to eat spinach.
Kim ja-hyun's body was found
with a deep stab wound in the neck.
Being a cold-blooded murder
with nothing valuable stolen,
police suspect that the motive
was out of hatred.
Her husband, oh dae-su, disappeared
a year ago and is being searched for.
According to witnesses,
oh dae-su drank often,
causing trouble with his wife,
and neighbours said
they fought frequently.
Blood samples found at the scene
matched oh dae-su's.
Fingerprints found on a cup
also matched oh dae-su's.
Sources said that oh dae-su
undoubtedly visited his wife recently.
The stolen family photo album, the only
missing item, also backs their theories.
After three years, many wrinkles
have formed on his face.
If you stand aimlessly
at a phone booth on a rainy day,
and meet a man whose face
is covered by a Violet umbrella,
I'd suggest
that you get close to the TV.
The television is both
a clock and calendar.
It's your school, your home,
your church,
your friend,
and your lover.
But...
The face I miss
longing for that intimate person
staying up all night alone
for that face I miss
But my lover's song...
Is too short.
Today at 7:50am,
the middle of Seoul's sangsu bridge
suddenly collapsed 50 metres...
I wrote down all the people I fought,
bothered, and hurt.
This was both my prison journal
and autobiography of my evil deeds.
I thought I had lived an average life,
but I have sinhed so much.
All I thought about at that moment
was that the guy next door
probably ate with one chopstick.
But...
Who would've imprisoned me?
Was it yoo heung-Sam?
Lee so-young or kang Chang-suk?
Whoever it was, just wait.
Wait a little more.
I'll rip your whole body apart,
and no one will be able
to find your body anywhere.
Because I'm going
to chew it all down.
One line for one year.
I have to sew six lines at first.
I guess next year will be easier.
The more the tattoos,
the shorter the chopstick.
The shorter the chopstick,
the bigger the hole gets.
Anyway...
Time passes well.
9 years.
10 years.
11 years.
Ex-president roh tae-woqoo
arrested
Hong Kong handover ceremony
Princess Diana's funeral
official approval of imf fund
12 years.
Presidential inauguration
President Kim dae-jung
visits North Korea
World cup in Korea
13 years.
Roh moo-hyun elected president
14 years.
I'll be out in a month.
I'll be out in one month.
I'll be out.
I'll be out after a month.
I'll be out of here.
I'll be out in a month.
In exactly one month.
I'll need money when I get out,
so what should I do?
Should I steal or Rob?
What should I eat first?
Kimchee soup? Eel barbecue?
Anything but fried dumplings.
Where am I anyway?
With all the cars honking,
it must be the city.
The most important thing
is what floor I'm on.
What if I Pierce through the wall
and it's the 52nd floor?
Even if I fall to my death,
I'm still getting out.
I'm getting out.
In one month, I'm getting out.
Right now, you're lying on a plain.
When you hear the bell,
you will turn your head
and look down.
You will see an endless field
of green grass.
The sun is shining bright,
and there's a cool breeze.
It's a human being.
Don't stop me!
Mister...
Even though I'm no worse
than a beast,
don't I have the right to live?
Mister...
Even though... I'm no worse...
Than a beast...
Don't I have the right...
To live?
Yes.
That phone booth alley was just here.
Now there's an apartment building.
So he throws me on the roof.
What a dimwit.
I want to tell you my story.
Delay your death.
What?
What the hell?
I said I just wanted to speak.
I see. Now I'll tell you my story.
The reason why I want to die...
Hey!
It's a human female.
Laugh,
and the world laughs with you.
Weep, and you weep alone.
My home is gone.
I can't call either
my friend or relatives.
Since I'm my wife's murderer.
Since I'm a fugitive.
You dickshit!
"Dickshit.”
That's a hew one.
Since the TV doesn't teach you
swear words.
Can imaginary training
for 15 years be put to use?
It can.
Oplegnathus fasciatus.
Lives in the warm waters
of coastal reefs.
A fish with weak reflexes,
but it can resist unyieldingly
once it's caught on a hook.
In kyungsang province,
its offspring...
What's that smell?
Don't even think about
asking me any questions.
I don't know a thing.
Yes?
I said I want something alive.
Oh, right. Long time no see.
This is my first time.
Maybe not?
But she looks familiar.
You look very familiar.
Have we met before?
"Searching for the best chefs."
"On mbc every Thursday at 6:30."
"The youngest female chef
of Japanese food."
Oh, that?
They said the ratings are low,
but I guess it's popular.
Women's hands are usually warm,
so they can't make Sushi.
Wow, you sure do know a lot.
Who are you?
Do you like your clothes?
Why?
- Why did you imprison me?
- Who do you think I am?
- Yoo heung-Sam?
- Wrong.
- Did Lee so-young hire you?
- No, wrong again.
Lee jong-yong?
Kang Chang-suk?
Hwang joo-yeun? Kim na-sung?
Park ji-woo?
Im duk-yoon? Lee jae-pyung?
Kuk su-ran?
- Who the hell are you?
- Me?
I'm sort of a scholar.
And my main subject is you.
A scholar studying oh dae-su.
An expert on oh dae-su.
Who I am isn't important.
Why is important.
Think it over.
Review your whole lifetime.
Since school is over,
it's time for your homework, right?
Keep this in mind.
"Be it a grain of sand or a rock,
"in water they sink as the same."
Let me ask you one thing.
You hypnotised me in there,
didn't you?
What did you do to me?
I miss you.
Hurry and come to me.
Here you are.
It's alive, right?
I'll slice it up now.
I must be a different breed of woman.
My hands are very cold.
What's she doing?
Sir.
Sir, wake up!
Keep this in mind.
"Be it a grain of sand or a rock,
"in water they sink as the same."
Are you awake?
Is this true?
That fever remedy really works.
Why did you faint
if you trained so much?
A lack of needed sunlight depletes you
of vitamins a and e.
So I'm not immune to influenza.
Do you usually talk that way?
The bathroom door is broken
and doesn't lock.
Don't get any bright ideas.
Or else I'll slice you like Sushi.
What's this?
Suppositories.
How else could I feed you medicine
if you'd fainted?
Can imaginary training
for 15 years be put to use?
It can't.
That was very bad of me.
Since I turned you down
after bringing you here,
I understand why you're mad.
I do.
You know, I brought you here
because I like you, too.
But...
You even don't know my name.
I'm mi-do.
You see...
Later on,
when I'm really ready,
I swear on my life that I will.
That song, the face I miss,
in your diary is the sign.
When I sing it,
then get yourself ready.
I could resist again
in the heat of the moment.
But no matter what,
don't back out.
Just sock it to me!
Sock it...
To me?
The ants...
Do you still see them?
Do you still feel that way?
Yeah, if you're alone,
you see the ants.
Very lonely people that I met,
they all hallucinated ants
at one time.
I tried to figure out why once.
Ants move around in groups,
you know.
So I guess very lonely people
keep thinking about ants.
Even though I never did.
She called from overseas
five or six years ago,
asking if her dad had showed up.
She doesn't even know
that he killed her mother.
Since she hardly has any relatives,
she calls us.
Her Korean has got worse.
I think her Swedish foster parents
are both doctors.
Anyhow, miss reporter,
dae-su really hasn't been caught yet?
Your daughter's address
is on the front,
and on the back is a map
to your wife's grave.
Eva...
Stockholm. Eva...
Do you want to call her?
Want me to call her?
Want to visit the grave together?
No, after I kill that bastard first.
Blue dragon
is it right?
I haven't chewed it yet.
Blue dragon
so?
Was that the taste?
Be it ten or a hundred restaurants,
it doesn't matter.
I can never forget that taste
for 15 years.
Blue dragon
Want me to make you an ID
to log in?
Do you have
a favourite movie or song?
I've already talked...
To him.
The count of monte cristo?
There's no one... by that name here.
How's life in a bigger prison,
oh dae-su?
Who are you?
The lonely prince in
the high tower. Don't forget me.
Who's this bastard?
I don't know him.
I just chat with him sometimes.
And talk about Sushi, too.
Where are you going?
- Where are you going?
- I can't trust you.
Magic...
Magic blue dragon
Chinese restaurant
what could
the magic blue dragon mean?
Why'd they order
from a restaurant this far away?
I've gone by five
Chinese restaurants already.
My lungs feel like exploding.
Tell your cooks to put
less scallions in the dumplings.
Sure.
- Leave it and go.
- Okay.
We don't work on anyone
being protected by bodyguards.
There are others who specialise in that.
You can hire them.
We just work on the small fries.
If it's over six months,
transportation is free.
Yes, of course.
Why'd you lock me up, you...
_dickshit?
In our 7.5 floor business,
our clients' info is top secret.
I'm going to pay you back
for all 15 years.
Each one I yank out
will make you age one year.
Stay still.
Ready to talk?
I don't know.
I didn't see his face.
I recorded it.
Oh dae-su
Ab blood types, raise your hand.
Go. He's lost a lot of blood.
I can't get along today, either.
I've how become a monster.
When my vengeance is over,
can I return as the old dae-su?
Mister, are you alright?
Look at all this blood.
Mister, what happened to you?
Saewoon apartments in eung-am,
building 8. Take care of him.
- Thank you.
- Not at all.
Well, then...
Farewell, oh dae-su.
Farewell... oh dae-su.
Farewell.
Any bastard you hate,
but dare to kill.
Any bitch you detest,
but want to more than kill.
We are at your service.
Wouldn't he go crazy
if he's locked up for a long time?
Well, if you prefer he doesn't,
we can mix drugs into his drink.
Ristedal solution.
It's a well-trusted drug,
used to treat schizophrenia.
Well, the duration is important,
so how long will he...?
15 years.
Too long?
What did he do?
Oh dae-su, you see...
Talks too much.
Go to sleep.
Time to visit joo-hwan
at the Internet cafe tomorrow.
Sit wherever you'd like.
Joo-hwan.
Oh dae-su, you see...
Talks too much.
Heard this voice before?
Is there anyone
who hates me this much?
How should I know
all the 260 names
of your women's husbands?
Monster
Mi-do
- who's mi-do?
- This girl who cries over nothing.
Joo-hwan.
Did I...
Really talk too much?
My friend,
I'd like for you to find that criminal
among people you're close to.
Search: Evergreen
Evergreen invites you to chat
congratulations,
your case was automatically
dismissed yesterday.
But remember this by all means.
Open quote.
"Like a gazelle
from the hand of the hunter.
"Like a bird
from the snare of the Fowler.
"Free yourself."
- Close quote.
- Who are you?
What about you, you rotten bastard?
I made up my mind
when I was imprisoned.
That I won't trust anyone if I get out.
If there's anyone who I find suspicious,
then I'll create a secret
that only I and that person will know.
You led a stranger to your place.
Who the hell are you?
Who's evergreen?
I tracked down that evergreen ID,
and found the owner's hame.
- Ready to jot it down?
- Go ahead.
It's su dae-oh.
- Strange surname.
- Address?
Saewoon apartments in eung-am.
Building 7, room 407.
Actually, I'm not doing so well
within life in a bigger prison.
Evergreen.
"Who are you?"
You meant to ask this, right?
Bad boy,
you must find out on your own.
Come on, it's a game.
First, who? Then, why?
If you figure it out,
come and see me anytime.
I'll raise your score.
You have until July 5th.
Oh, no, only five days left.
Too short?
Hang in there.
If you succeed,
I'll kill myself and not mi-do.
That's right, mi-do.
I'm going to kill every woman you love
until you die.
Well, you're notorious for not protecting
your women anyway.
Wow, you're strong, mr monster.
Yes, you are the very monster
I've created.
But you won't find out the "why"
if you do this.
Fifteen years of being curious
would go to waste.
Is that okay with you?
Sit down there.
Oh, the famous teeth torture.
You won't have enough time for it.
I have a pacemaker in my chest
for my weak heart.
When it was put in,
know what I asked the doctor?
"Doctor Hopkins, give me a remote control
to turn that motor off."
"Pardon? Why?"
So that I can kill myself easily
any time.
I'll give you $100,000 more.
Oh, what will you do?
You want to kill me right away,
but you won't know
why you were imprisoned.
You want to torture me,
but I say I'll kill myself first.
So, do you seek revenge,
or do you find the truth?
Oh, you're in a tough spot!
I've been watching over you
for 15 years.
I fared well, thanks to you.
I wasn't bored or lonely.
Seeking revenge is the best cure
for someone who got hurt.
Try it.
The loss of 15 years,
the pain of losing your wife and child,
you can forget all this.
Once again, revenge is good
for your health.
But...
What happens
after you've revenged yourself?
I bet that hidden pain
will probably find you again.
Are you there, dae-su?
Oh dae-su.
Long time no see.
Hasn't she been tied up too long?
You also left the door open.
Please save me.
But I could die first.
This dentist is really good.
Don't move.
Here we go.
You see...
They say that people shrivel up
because they have an imagination.
So don't imagine.
You'll become brave as hell.
Now, here comes the real thing.
Yes?
Yeah?
You know I'm glad
you told me about this place,
but I haven't even started.
Let's go.
Let's really go.
Let's fight.
What a roughneck.
Your hand...
I'm gonna chop off your hand.
You touched mi-do's breasts.
Then what about my tongue?
You still don't trust me,
you rotten bastard?
It looks hard to accomplish.
I looked into it, and the reason
the bank refused to pay $270 million...
Was not due
to any building irregularities.
They're having internal problems.
So I don't think we'll have any problems.
Of course,
chairman choi is special to us,
and his equity share is at 25 percent...
Dae-suu...
Yeah.
Did he really say that he'll kill me?
Because you love me?
Dae-suu...
What?
The face I miss
my heart is only getting lonelier
the words you send
with your eyes
I can feel with my hand
so many nights have passed
my heart is going to you
as I shed my sad tears
you're the face I miss
They packed their stuff
and left in a rental car.
Also, mi-do called the restaurant
and quit her job.
Let's go after this is done.
You should get some rest today.
I can't even sleep.
Since I am forlorn.
Mr han.
Do you really think...
_mi-do has fallen in love with dae-su?
Already?
Dae-su!
It really hurts.
But I'm enduring it.
You must know this!
How'd you hold out? For 15 years?
There's always a way.
Do you like it?
You really like it, right?
I want to be good to you.
Don't worry about the future.
Don't imagine anything.
I feel like giving thanks
for all those years in that prison.
If I hadn't been in there,
could mi-do have liked me still?
He could only know that I wanted
to chop off mr park's hand
by putting a bug on us.
And he knew our whereabouts
by tailing us.
I've been bugged.
Please find it.
You know, maybe he freed you
because he has fun watching you
run wild seeking revenge.
And he'll never tell you why,
so he can toy with you forever.
You think that's why?
Evergreen press,
an online printing system.
Evergreen pasta and pizza.
Evergreen services,
for security, parking, cleaning.
Evergreen tree garden.
Evergreen old boys,
sangnok high school alumni homepage.
Evergreen secret diary,
jung sang-rok's personal site.
Norwegian wood, evergreen...
Welcome to evergreen old boys
sangnok high school
alumni homepage
But it's time to close up.
Can't I look at the records
for the class of '79?
It's dark, so turn on the lights.
Take your time.
Lee woo-Jin
joo-hwan?
Let me ask you something.
Do you know Lee woo-Jin
of the class of '797?
I think he went to America to study.
Don't know him.
So is that the bastard's hame?
- How'd you find out?
- I looked through all the school albums.
I don't know just with a name.
Got anything else?
Why don't you look
for the school records?
Do you know Lee soo-ah?
She was in our grade.
Soo-ah? She died.
- What class was she in?
- Class two, I think.
She was in my class. Next to yours.
So what about her?
Why is there no photo?
Ah, she died, that's why.
How did Lee soo-ah die?
Yeah, you wouldn't know.
She died after you transferred.
She went alone to the habchun dam,
and fell into the river.
She croaked like a dead fish.
A week later, they found
her bloated body in the water.
- What was she like?
- Her?
She was a total slut.
On the outside,
she acted like a prude,
but she was a filthy whore
on the inside.
Rumour had it that
that slut fucked everyone at school.
I should've got a piece of her.
I also heard that
her family was really rich.
Her grades were good, too.
But the bad thing was
that she was a slut.
Wow, this is such an old story.
Dae-su, I don't remember
since it was so long ago,
but that soo-ah, you see...
Joo-hwan, what's happened?
Joo-hwan, is something wrong?
Oh dae-su...
My sister...
Wasn't a slut.
You must accept this.
Since you got rid of your bug,
I had to come all the way here.
To eavesdrop.
So that's why joo-hwan...
Died because of you.
You bastard, I'm going to kill you!
You son of a bitch!
We're not open yet.
Please come back in an hour.
Someone who got six gold teeth
recommended this place.
Mr park?
I had to move because of you.
In commemoration,
I installed a new TV.
Do you like it?
There are so many channels.
Great, huh?
Some prisoners even prefer to stay here.
You lived in a place like this
for 15 years?
It felt like home after 11 years.
Come on, I don't need money.
An enemy's enemy is a friend.
We threw away the hand
because it rotted.
Honey, I missed you.
Rotten bastard. You'll pay for this.
So why'd you bring me here?
If I don't return after July 5th,
then let her go.
While I was locked up here,
I remember someone visiting me.
What did that person do?
Was it three times?
I put a hypnosis-inducing drug
in your water.
Sodium barbiturate?
TV man knows it all.
Scissorhands hair salon
That's nonsense.
Even though it was a catholic school,
she wouldn't die
just because of those rumours.
There's probably another reason.
Could she have been pregnant maybe?
I really don't think
soo-ah was like that.
She was such a pure girl.
I know she didn't put out for anyone.
But she did go out
with someone back then.
So who was that guy?
I have no idea.
Choon-shim?
You knew Lee soo-ah, right?
Who was her boyfriend?
Don't know?
You damn wench!
How would you know when
you don't care a bit about friendship?
Shut up. Then who'd know?
Who? Joo-hwan?
What?
Yeah, I know him.
But how'd he know?
Yeah?
Really?
Okay, hang up.
I'll call you in a bit.
Choon-shim said...
That she heard it from joo-hwan.
And that you'd know the best.
Ring, ring
move aside
you'll get hurt
if you get in the way
Oh dae-su
You little misfit.
Put it out!
I'm transferring today. To Seoul.
So get lost, miss Kim.
You good-for-nothing!
You're oh dae-su, right?
And you're miss...
I heard you're popular
among the girls.
You know how rumours are.
I heard you're really funny.
Say something.
Me being so popular
is such a big hassle.
There's this father and son.
They went to the public bath, and...
See you later.
Take care, fuckheads!
- Come on.
- Wait.
- Come here.
- No.
- Hurry and come here.
- Okay, okay.
Satisfied?
- Lift this up.
- Come on.
- Lift it!
- No.
What?
It tickles.
Give them here.
- What are you doing?
- Let me see.
What are you doing?
- Stop!
Go away.
Was it really soo-ah? Are you sure?
I don't know her name.
I just know that she's in your class,
and she rides a red bike.
Have a good trip.
See you in Seoul if I go.
- Where are you going?
- Going on a date with choon-shim.
I'll kill you if you shoot your mouth off!
No way.
You got locked up for 15 years
just for saying that?
Was that such a big crime?
Be it a grain of sand or a rock,
in water they sink as the same.
That's what Lee woo-Jin believes.
Then... what does July 5th stand for?
That's the day...
Lee soo-ah died.
Now it's over.
Instead of seeking revenge,
you wanted to find out the why, right?
Now we'll run away where
woo-+jin can never find us, right?
I can't end it like this.
Seeking revenge has become a part of me.
But you don't even know
where he lives.
"Like a gazelle
from the hand of the hunter...
"Like a bird
from the snare of the Fowler...
"Free yourself."
It's a phrase from jamon 6, verse 4.
And "jamon" in english is Maxim.
And evergreen said
he lives in a high tower.
So... six and four must just be floors.
Fourth floor.
Sixth floor.
Or the sixty-fourth floor?
P? Penthouse!
Please insert the code.
What would you like me to pray for?
Wrong entry.
Please insert again.
Dear lord,
please let me
meet a younger man next time.
Please make woo-Jin...
Bow to dae-su,
and make him beg for forgiveness.
You slept with your sister.
Let's go up and talk.
Grab him!
Try to be nice.
Feels great.
You slept with your sister.
I feel so refreshed.
And I started the rumour.
That's why your sister died.
Looking through the mirror
reminds me of that day. Doesn't it?
Erasing my memory and telling me
to find the truth was unfair.
I won.
So die like you promised.
Think you forgot that day
because you were hypnotised?
Are you sure?
Know the real reason
why you can't remember?
You just forgot.
Is that too bland?
But it's true that you just forgot.
Why?
Since it's not your business.
Your rumour got so out of hand that
soo-ah being pregnant became a rumour.
My sister got sucked into that rumour,
and began believing it.
So her period stopped,
and her belly began to swell.
Funny, isn't it?
Ever thought how a girl would feel
bearing both her child and nephew?
Understand now?
Your tongue got my sister pregnant.
It wasn't Lee woo-Jin's dick.
It was oh dae-su's tongue.
Is that why you killed your sister?
Ever thought how a boy would feel
impregnating a child and sister?
You were probably afraid.
Afraid that everyone will know
once the baby's born.
When you realised that
she imagined it after you killed her,
you hating me...
Is understandable.
They said soo-ah died alone
at the dam,
but who took this photo?
And what about the date,
July 5th?
This is no fun.
I'll just finish what I was saying.
Listen carefully.
My story is really fun.
Ever heard of post-hypnotic suggestion?
You suggest something
during hypnosis,
and then it's acted out
in your wakened state.
Still haven't figured it out?
"You lead a stranger to your place.
Who the hell are you?"
What about you, you rotten bastard?
We hypnotised both of you.
One very fortunate thing was
that compared to others
both of you were highly receptive
to hypnosis.
Isn't this fun?
One word gets you pregnant.
One word gets you in love.
But no matter how receptive
the two of you are to hypnosis,
and no matter how good
of a hypnotist ms yoo is,
getting people to fall in love
isn't easy.
So, know how we did it?
Your first suggestion, of course,
was to go to that restaurant
right after your release.
Next, to react
to the mobile phone's melody.
When you heard this,
you were to say something.
Who are you?
Do you... like your clothes?
And mi-do was to react to the man
who said this.
When she grabs your hand,
your reaction would be, of course...
Your gravest mistake
wasn't failing to find the answer.
If you keep asking the wrong questions,
you'll never find the right answer.
It's not,
"why did woo-Jin imprison me?"
It's "why did he release me?"
Once again,
why did woo-Jin release
dae-su after... 15 years?
Laugh, and the world
laughs with you.
Weep, and you will weep alone.
Mr han.
Mi-do doesn't know, right?
Why'd you hide her there?
You thought he'd hate me
because I cut off his hand?
Couldn't you figure out
that it was a trap?
How can you protect your woman
with that brain of yours?
I've been secretly raising mi-do
since she was three.
What's wrong with you?
And mr park's hand?
You moron.
Seen his new prison?
I got him that building for his hand!
Me!
Dae-su!
Right in front of me,
there's some type of box.
It's that same Violet box.
He's telling me to open it.
No!
No, mi-do, don't.
Don't open it no matter what.
If you do,
something terrible will happen.
What's in it?
You know, don't you?
Mi-do, my sweet pea,
wait a little longer. I'll be there.
I'll be there very soon.
Can't you come right now?
I'm scared.
My sweet pea, you can wait, right?
Very good. Good girl.
I'll call you back very soon, okay?
I beg you.
Please don't tell mi-do.
What has she done wrong?
You know it was all my fault.
I have...
I have committed a terrible sin
to your sister.
And I was...
Very wrong to you also.
So... please leave mi-do alone, okay?
By any chance,
if mi-do finds out the truth,
you arsehole,
I'll rip your whole body apart,
and no one will be able
to find your body anywhere.
Why?
Because I'm going
to chew it all down.
Woo-Jin!
Woo-Jin, I made a mistake.
Please forget what I said.
Sir! Boss!
Woo-Jin!
Woo-Jin, we're evergreen old boys,
remember?
With the energy
from a green pine tree
the great sangnok high...
I'll do whatever you want.
I'll do anything. I beg you.
Woo-Jin, if you want me
to be a dog, I will!
I'm woo-Jin's dog from now on!
I'm your puppy!
Look, I'm wagging my tail.
I'm a dog.
I'll guard the house well.
I'll be your slave dog.
The box...
Just leave it closed.
Now...
What joy will I live for?
Dae-su.
It really hurts.
But I'm enduring it.
You must know this.
My sister and I loved each other
despite knowing everything.
Can you two do the same?
Soo0-ah.
Woo-Jin...
I know you've been scared.
So let go of me, okay?
Remember me, okay?
I have no regrets. Do you?
This is the whole adventure
I went through until now.
Thank you for listening
to a terrible story till the end.
Sending a letter
instead of talking to you in person,
I trust that you will understand.
The reason is that I have no tongue.
To be honest,
I have no reason to help you.
But there was one thing.
I was touched by this last sentence.
Even though I'm no worse
than a beast,
don't I have the right to live?
The hypnosis could go wrong,
and distort your memories.
Will that be okay?
If you're ready,
stare at that tree.
The tree is slowly changing
into a concrete column.
You're now inside
woo-Jin's penthouse.
It's a dreary night.
The sound of your footsteps
to the window permeates the room.
When I ring my bell,
you'll be split into two people.
The one who doesn't know
the secret is oh dae-su.
The one who keeps the secret
is the monster.
When I ring the bell again,
the monster will turn around
and begin walking.
With each step, you age one year.
When the monster reaches seventy,
he will die.
There's no need to worry.
It will be a very peaceful death.
Now, good luck to you.
What's wrong?
Look at you.
Were you with somebody?
I love you... dae-su.
Starring:
Choi min-sik as oh dae-su
yoo ji-tae as Lee woo-Jin
kang hye-jung as mi-do
Directed by park chan-wook
produced by Kim dong-joo
executive producer Kim jang-wook
original story by
tsuchiya garon and minegishi nobuaki
screenplay by hwang Jo-yoon,
im joon-hyung, park chan-wook